do you want to make money on Instagram
well keep watching because in this video
I'm going to share with you 14 different
ways that you can make money on
Instagram idea number one selling
physical products and specifically doing
so using the Instagram shop Instagram is
really promoting and highlighting
shopping right on the platform they've
even made one of the five options at the
bottom of the screen the shopping cart
so using the Instagram shop is a great
way to highlight different products that
you have for sale again number two is
digital product sales examples of this
would be an ebook a course a digital
download a digital playlist maybe
something else that you're selling
online that people can basically sign up
for and purchase right on Instagram and
then they get sent to them via email or
via some sort of Link idea number three
can be done right on Instagram and that
is Instagram subscriptions now Instagram
subscriptions aren't quite available to
everyone yet but they are getting
increasingly rolled out to more and more
users so if you don't have Instagram
subscriptions yet you should hopefully
have them soon basically what Instagram
subscriptions are is the ability for you
as the Creator to offer exclusive
content for your your most loyal
followers in exchange for a monthly fee
Instagram allows you to set the monthly
fee anywhere from one dollar all the way
up to I believe one hundred dollars and
once people pay that monthly fee and
sign up to become a subscriber they
automatically get renewed every single
month and you make the income based off
how many subscribers you have idea
number four is in-app payments and on
Instagram this is real bonuses reels
bonuses are where you get paid based off
the amount of views that you're getting
on your reel by the time of recording
this reels bonuses are only available in
the United States and in India and the
only way to qualify for reals bonuses is
to have less than one million followers
and to have a Professional Profile which
means either having a business account
or a Creator account idea number five is
social media management so many people
so many business owners are already
growing on social media they've already
learned the skills to grow their own
business and they can use the extra five
to ten hours that you have per week to
help someone else manage their social
media and grow their page as well so
offering social media management is a
great way to add some extra income right
on Instagram idea number six is ugc
which stands for user generated content
user generated content is where Brands
pay you to make videos advertisements
reels stories for them and this is
different than paid sponsorships or
brand deals where brands are paying you
to post a real on your own page here in
ugc brands are paying you to create the
content for them regardless of what you
do with it or where you share it
yourself everything about that is
because Brands don't care if or where
you are sharing the content they also
don't care how many followers you have
they're using you as the person to
create the video kind of like an actor
or an actress rather than someone who's
actually doing the promotions for them
idea number seven is badges badges are
essentially tips that are given to
creators while they're on Instagram live
so if you go live on Instagram you can
offer badges you can tell your live
viewers that batches are turned on and
then people can purchase badges while
they watch you go live and then you make
money based off how many badges were
purchased and how much each badge was
worth idea number eight is something I
would recommend for everyone regardless
of how many followers you have you can
get started with this and that is
Affiliates almost every business almost
every company even Amazon has affiliate
links and what's awesome about that is
that you can share recommend talk about
your favorite products share your
affiliate link or your affiliate code
and then when people use that link or
code you get credit and you get
reimbursed idea number nine is paid
Partnerships this is where a company
pays to partner with you creating some
kind of content that then you are
sharing on your page and usually they're
sharing it on their page as well it's
kind of like they're paying you to make
an advertisement for them and I know you
might be watching thinking oh that's
only for influencers that's only for
people with hundreds of thousands of
followers but that's not true brands
have been shown to work with people even
less than 1 000 followers because
oftentimes if you have a lower follower
account you have a higher engagement
rate idea number 10 is super similar to
idea number nine and idea number 10 is
sponsorships the distinction here is
that with sponsorships brands are paying
for more than just one single piece of
content usually it's an ongoing
relationship maybe they're going to
require you to make a post every single
day or stories once a week maybe they're
going to require that you tag them in
your Instagram bio there's different
rules that come with each brand in each
sponsorship but a sponsorship is more of
an ongoing reoccurring relationship than
just a one-off paid partnership idea
number 11 is the sale of services
chances are if you've been growing your
own social media you have developed some
skills like video editing content
creation copywriting graphic design and
you can offer those skills to other
people on social media there's so many
people out there who are trying to grow
their Instagram following but they
struggle in some of these areas that you
happen to be good at so you can offer
your services in exchange for fees idea
number 12 is coaching and the really
cool thing about coaching is that
there's not a huge setup that is
required we're all used to zoom and you
can integrate calendly which is a
scheduler right onto your Instagram bio
you can set it up so that when someone
visits your Instagram profile they can
book a coaching call with you right
there and you can offer coaching related
to whatever your Niche is number 13 is
reselling this is especially popular on
the Instagram stories where people will
find different products oftentimes
clothing oftentimes from thrift stores
and they will resell their products or
their goods on their Instagram stories
this is also a great thing to do when
you're doing your spring cleaning
cleaning out your closet you have a
bunch of nice clothes and shoes and
Handbags that you're selling and that
you no longer want rather than just
giving them away or throwing them away
you could if they're that valuable and
worth it potentially resell them on your
Instagram stories in fact one of our
students made over a quarter of a
million dollars last year alone with
reselling right on Instagram stories
idea number 14 is guest speaking now
usually when we think of guest speaking
we think of speaking on a stage or
flying somewhere to be a presenter but
you can guest speak on Instagram stories
doing a stories takeover for Brands you
can guest speak going Instagram live and
providing interviews for people around
right on Instagram so guest speaking is
not just limited to famous people
speaking on stages it's also speaking
and presenting on Instagram as well